#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
attrs==19.1.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boltons==23.0.0
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
celery==5.2.2
    # via notifications-api-common
certifi==2019.9.11
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   django-camunda
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20181111
    # via django-import-export
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-scim2
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   scim2-filter-parser
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes[ipware]==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-camunda==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   vng-api-common
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-extra-views==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   vng-api-common
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via django-axes
django-nested-admin==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-index
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via vng-api-common
django-reversion==5.0.12
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-scim2==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.4.1
    # via zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   django-camunda
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via vng-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   vng-api-common
elastic-apm==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
elasticsearch==7.9.1
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
faker==36.1.1
    # via zgw-consumers
furl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.3.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==2.8
    # via requests
inflection==0.3.1
    # via
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   vng-api-common
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
josepy==1.13.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
mozilla-django-oidc==2.0.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via vng-api-common
odfpy==1.4.0
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.0.0
    # via tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via vng-api-common
pillow==9.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.19
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   zgw-consumers
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-scim2
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-decouple==3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via django-nested-admin
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   django
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   tablib
    #   vng-api-common
redis==3.3.8
    # via django-redis
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   django-camunda
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   zgw-consumers
scim2-filter-parser==0.3.5
    # via django-scim2
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-choices
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-monkey-business
    #   requests-mock
sly==0.3
    # via scim2-filter-parser
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
tzdata==2025.1
    # via faker
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements/base.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
vng-api-common==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
zgw-consumers[drf]==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
