#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
attrs==19.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==21.10b0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
boltons==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
build==1.1.1
    # via pip-tools
bumpversion==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
celery==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2019.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
coverage==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
ddt-api-calls==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20181111
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-scim2
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   scim2-filter-parser
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes[ipware]==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-camunda==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-elasticsearch-debug-toolbar==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extra-views==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-nested-admin==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-reversion==5.0.12
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-scim2==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
elastic-apm==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
elasticsearch==7.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==36.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
freezegun==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==5.6.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mozilla-django-oidc==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
odfpy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==20.4
    # via
    #   build
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pillow==9.3.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pycparser==2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.7.4
    # via sphinx
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   zgw-consumers
pyparsing==2.4.6
    # via packaging
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquery==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-scim2
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-nested-admin
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   tablib
    #   vng-api-common
redis==3.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   django-camunda
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   vng-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   zgw-consumers
scim2-filter-parser==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-scim2
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-choices
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   freezegun
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   packaging
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-monkey-business
    #   requests-mock
    #   webtest
sly==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   scim2-filter-parser
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
tblib==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
vng-api-common==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==2.0.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
zgw-consumers[drf]==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
